Update mutex.md (#256)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/concurrency/shared_state/mutex.md

[1]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/struct.Mutex.html
[2]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/struct.Mutex.html#impl-Sync-for-Mutex%3CT%3E
[3]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/struct.Arc.html

<details>
    
* `Mutex` in Rust looks like a collection with just one element - the protected data.
    * It is not possible to forget to acquire the mutex before accessing the protected data.
* A read-write lock counterpart - `RwLock`.

> * *Q from the audience:* Why does the `lock()` return a `Result`? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Why does `lock()` return a `Result`? 
```

>     * *A:* If the thread that held the `Mutex` panicked, the `Mutex` becomes "poisoned". `lock()` on poisoned mutexes fails, but it is still possible to extract the data from the `Mutex` via special methods to recover.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the thread that held the `Mutex` panicked, the `Mutex` becomes "poisoned" to signal that the data it protected might be in an inconsistent state. Calling `lock()` on a poisoned mutex fails. It is still possible to extract the data from the `Mutex` via the [`PoisonError`] returned.

[`PoisonError`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/struct.PoisonError.html  
```
